SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Team, if someone is having doubt, Adrija is having a doubt, please, can you please, take it?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Sure, I'll take it. So, just give me one moment, students.
Shreya Sinha: Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Hi, guys. So, I'll just repeat what we discussed in the last 10 minutes.
Shreya Sinha: So… First of all, you need to… Create your account.
Shreya Sinha: pre-account in the four AI tools that have been given to you. First is Claude, second one is ChatGPT, third one is DeepSeek.
Shreya Sinha: And the fourth one is, perplexity, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Ye charo pe aapna account create karne hai.
Shreya Sinha: You can create it using your Gmail ID as well. Thikkei? Toh, jinone lia aplo ko na already charge GPT pe create karak hai, dope already create karak hai, toh baki pe create karne hai. Thikkei, once you do that.
Shreya Sinha: In the chat, you will see a drive link has been shared by Sharatsar, I'll maybe just share it again, okay? So, on this drive link, open the drive link, and once you open the drive link, you will see
Shreya Sinha: you will see a prompt which is, you know, pasted here. I am a… I am a Class 8
Shreya Sinha: student in India, my school is starting a reduced plastic campaign. Now, what you need to do, you need to copy, paste this prompt, and then
Shreya Sinha: you have to, in each of these four individual AI tools, and then you have to evaluate these based on the 5 metric that is given below. Okay? Do you see the 5 metric?
Shreya Sinha: Can I have a yes or no?
Shreya Sinha: Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Take care. So, great. So now… now I hope it is clear to those who… who've missed the first part, or do you still have doubt?
Shreya Sinha: Guys, please share if you still have doubt, not have doubt, Joby hai mujabata, so that I know that you're…
Shreya Sinha: Doing it.
Shreya Sinha: Okay, great. So, now please do it. You have to complete this exercise by 6.25, I think the time was given. 6.25 tak, you have to complete, you have to evaluate, and then we'll be discussing it.
Shreya Sinha: So… Keep the rating with you for now. Once Sharatsar is back, you can share.
Shreya Sinha: You can share it with him when, when he asks it, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Excuse me.
Shreya Sinha: Yeah, you have to rate it.
Shreya Sinha: You have to rate it based on the 5 parameters that are there.
Shreya Sinha: Okay, the five… the four tools are… Claude?
Shreya Sinha: ChatGPT, Perplexity, and DeepSeek.
Shreya Sinha: C-L-A-U-D-E, Claude, okay? It's a tool by Anthropic.
Shreya Sinha: T-L-A-U-D-E, Claude.
Shreya Sinha: perplexity.
Shreya Sinha: I have just shared the name again.
Shreya Sinha: Claude, Perplexity, ChatGPT, DeepSeek, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Once you complete the exercise, please mention that in the chart, so that we know.
Shreya Sinha: We'll begin again in another, I think, 4 or 5 minutes, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Acha.
Shreya Sinha: Claude… Claude is not letting you sign in due to age restriction. Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Ayan, is it possible for you to use your parents' email ID to log in?
Shreya Sinha: Okay.
Shreya Sinha: I hope at least everyone is able to log in now.
Shreya Sinha: Is anyone still facing trouble in logging in?
Shreya Sinha: You can let me know in the chat so that someone from the team can help you.
Shreya Sinha: Okay, you are facing trouble, Vian. Tell me what is the issue that you are facing?
Shreya Sinha: I hope I pronounced your name right.
Shreya Sinha: Karo, karo. Take care.
Shreya Sinha: They are no longer.
Shreya Sinha: We and someone from the team will give you a call. Just pick it up, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Those who have completed it, guys, please, hold on now.
Shreya Sinha: We'll wait for everyone else to complete.
Shreya Sinha: And then we'll discuss the responses and see how you can improve upon it, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Pro nahi onachaye, continue karne kelei, uska free version sign up karo, free version kele hai.
Shreya Sinha: Gmail ki through signup kya, or maybe you have already exhausted, the limit today. Is that, something that has happened with you?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, pro version is not required, we have to option Hogwart, continue with the free version also. Sub may free version chalta hai. Deep sea cloud may be chalta hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Deepsikhu main ask, mane kudbhi kabih pro version using.
Shreya Sinha: You might have already exhausted the limit today. So maybe you can try, logging it with a different Gmail ID, if you have that.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Cool.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: After rating the responses, you have to just weight.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: write it down somewhere, apne Word doc mein ya kehin Bhbih. We'll discuss, uskeepad. When I ask you, you can write the ratings in the chat, and then we'll discuss.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hi, Rebecca.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I hope I'm… I'm clear.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So I'm giving you, how many of you are still doing? Still working?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: TK, quite a lot, quite a lot of law to do. TK, we'll give you 4 more minutes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: till 6.30.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: 4 more minutes, we'll give you time till 6.30.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Cut up.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: important ische se karo, even if it takes some time.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: wait, review it, thorough ace sadhiklo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: 6.30pm discussion should occur in.
Shreya Sinha: I hope all of you have been able to log in now.
Shreya Sinha: Do let me know if any one of you is…
Shreya Sinha: Promo of what?
Shreya Sinha: Leon.
Shreya Sinha: Prompt is on the drive link that is shared above. Just… just scroll, you know, through your chat, you will find a Drive link there.
Shreya Sinha: doc… Google Doc.
Shreya Sinha: Open that, and in that, you will find the prompt.
Shreya Sinha: Yes, that happened with Raja, we'll discuss it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Quick check, check-in, how many of you are still on, still working?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, Just let me know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: 2 minutes, okay, you're still working.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, 2 minutes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: No worries, so take your time. It is very important. I'll give you time to do this, 2 minutes. So, what I'll do…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is 6 to 13, huh? We'll give you 4 minutes, not 2 minutes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So you have time till 6.34 to do this.
Shreya Sinha: Fellows, make sure you do this exercise in the best possible way. Compare… those of you who have completed it, please compare your answers. Because this is the first exercise of prompt engineering that we are doing, and it's going to be the base of everything that you learn moving on. It's like ABCD, and ka-kag-a-ka.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You don't have to send it anywhere as of now, Ridan. Riddhan.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You just have to rate it.
Shreya Sinha: Similar response na yoga, Sajanya. You just…
Shreya Sinha: try and see what are the differences, if you're finding it similar. Just see what are the differences that you're getting, because all these platforms are, have different kind of specialities, so they will not have similar response.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, they are trained on very different data sets.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So the response is also going to be different.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How do you find the total? Just add all the… all the indicators, na? The marks, obtained, skulka marks add karteho.
Shreya Sinha: Do we find the total? So, basically, she… Karlo had kernel.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Abih, just do it for these four.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: for him carrying it.
Shreya Sinha: I have to go… will go one step further and say, I think they are not yet ready for Grok.
Shreya Sinha: gang.
Shreya Sinha: Once we master the other tools.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: woknei founder pegah hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Pain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: moody.
Shreya Sinha: The purpose is he clear.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What moody response ka?
Shreya Sinha: Hmm.
Shreya Sinha: It can be… it is actually genuine, but it can be,
Shreya Sinha: Invasive also, in a way, depending on how you're using it.
Shreya Sinha: But yeah, its response are definitely fun.
Shreya Sinha: It responds in the kind of way that you asked the question.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so… Can we discuss cutting him? Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: One more minute, and we'll start discussing.
Shreya Sinha: Okay, Sojan, yeah, TK. Okay, Manan, you can, complete it. Just make note of what we are discussing. Once you reach home, you can then complete it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so time up. Time's up.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, so I want the marks. So, just do one thing, write the name of
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: the LLM, the model, or hyphen derke uspe jitna marks aap day us ko volei ko. Claude ko kitna diure ko, Gemini ko, aki message manager, Claude, sorry, Claude, DeepSeek, ChatGPT, and…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And what… Jota, perplexity. So un charau wa kitten mas de rab, apne chaite mein iki sarlihko.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Adhi, you can take some, some, some, two more minutes, no worries. You can do that. Baki log, Igbar.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: score of na batana shruger sector.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Whoever is done, Whoever has done. So, fellows.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Need your marks for all the LLM models. Claudeko Kitna Diya, ChatGPT kitna hai, Deepsea Kitna hai, Perplexity kitna hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Total, actually.
Shreya Sinha: This is a…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
Shreya Sinha: 25, right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Huh, out of 25, out of 25.
Shreya Sinha: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Total marks.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so Sujan has given Claude 19, Deep C22, ChatGPT 20, Perplexity 2021. Medansh has given Perplexity 24, ChatGPT 21, DeepSea 25, Claude 17. Okay?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Shimai has given Claude 17.5, DeepSeek 15, Perplexity 13.5, ChatGPT 21.5. Slowke has given ChatGPT 22, Perplexity 23, DeepSeek 22, Claude 23. Adrija has given ChatGPT 14, Claude 20, DeepSeek 18, Perplexity 14.5. Veed has given Chad GPT 23,
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Prayan has given ChatGPT 22.5, Claude 24, DeepSeek 18.5, Perplexity 21. Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, more… I need more responses, more answers.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Radhan, Chargeable 21, Perplexity 23, Claw 24, DeepSea 25.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: She does strict marking. So do I.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: physics kB spelling ke marks kartlum, or grammar ke bh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity 24, Cloud 18, ChatGPT 17, DeepSeek 23.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Ajit, tell me this, on the first parameter, Sharatshir, Just creativity of the idea.
Shreya Sinha: Were the campaign's ideas… were the campaign ideas actually fresh, or things you have heard before?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hmm.
Shreya Sinha: Which do you think would have rated highest?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Huh, we'll actually now, we'll discuss that also.
Shreya Sinha: Your screen is visible, yeah.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, yes. Is it okay now?
Shreya Sinha: Yeah, it's physical.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, my screen is visible to everyone. So, fellows, Just… let's see these.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: On each of these parameters, we are going…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: towards what is known as first principle thinking. First principle thinking may kya hai, bad hai problem ko, we break down into smaller problems, and we solve all those smaller problems.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Though now, Creativity of ideas peh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sabseramangs kisko riabne, fellows.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: On creativity of ideas, on this, to which LLM did you give the highest marks? On creativity of ideas?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so… Shlok has given Claude, CMA has given it to ChatGPT, Sujan also Claude, Soju, Perplexity, Vandit… cold.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So you could do only two, no worries. Claude, 19.5Chabit GFT19, Arnav has given… so I want… I want Creativity video ideas space. Claude Koprahan, Sujan Claude, Alicia Claude, Aditya Claude, Arnev Perplexity, Drija Claude.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: ako?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You can… Okay. Adita, it's Adida, huh? Adira Klodicha.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Vian… other marks.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Remember, creativity can be bad ka, huh? Totally ni bad nigga, creativity ki bhad ka, huh?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, your name toh, Nam Change Kalona. It's session ke ba Nam change kar liner is mein.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Amanda.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, Jup, perplexity go dia, Rebecca ne Claude Kodiya, Adya ne Claude Go, Vianne, Chad GPTo. Okay, okay. So, sapsaya logo ne Claude Kodiya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Now, factual accuracy. Factual accuracy pay… Subsidad amongst the Skodia.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Factual accuracy pair.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, factual pay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, Claude, DeepSeek, ChatGPT, Claude, Claude, Perplexity, Deep Okay, Claude or charity?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take him?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Mikey Log, Mikey Log.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Rebecca has given it to Perplexity law, deep-seek Tino po. Tino ko barabar diaga aapne. Factual accuracy peh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Rebecca. Claude ko 25 diabne, butche saus Claude perfect abge upset siya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: dia hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity ko diya, Sujan, DeepSeek and ChatGPT ko, Rebekan Chatika.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Medanshne, Perplexity DeepSeek ChatGPT thino ko barabar dia hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sandidine Perplexity Godiya, okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sojun habi perplexity go diya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Soju, am I pronouncing your name correctly, Soju?
Shreya Sinha: It's Virginia.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: As a sojournier. I changed, change here, Lena.
Shreya Sinha: So, Janay, just type in your name and give it here, we'll change it for you.
Shreya Sinha: from the admin ID.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We'll change it for you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hmm.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Think hai. Toh, yahan peut varied responses hai. Perplexity bohot logo ne bola hai, deep seek bhola hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude, factual accuracy pe… creativity of ideas mein Claude Kumarak similarity factual accuracy mein nahimil rahen. That is something that I've observed from all of you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Alright? Kushlo kanekdam, une claud go 25 on 25. Those ko pura marks den hy. Toh kushloko said Claude ke fan hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude Fan Club.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude Fan Clubka member, batau mujay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It was honest marking. Aditya is clot. Okay.
Shreya Sinha: Sure, sir, I think you'll be also in this category.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I am a fan of Claude, I'm a fan of Claude's founder also.
Shreya Sinha: Yeah.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'm… I'm… I'm a… he's a PhD in mathematics and computing. Great guy.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Great.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: dictate.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Voice authenticity, why didn't we include Gemini? We'll talk about Gemini ko beam karang barrea, kasat shoding Google toap dose sehar, bachman se googare, even map ne bachchan se Google do karahu.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: kapiwi.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'm cutting it, oskibi bhat cutting it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, voice authenticity.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Does the speech sound like a real Class A student, or a textbook?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Real Class A student dessa sound karne wali voice.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kiski dhi. Sapse close.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: pretend karta to be a class 8 student. Ok koi bhar joh voice aathi wo ha actually mein class 8 student hai sound garter thi hai. Don mein bohot different. Bohot difference is, oh no mein.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What difference is?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or yin pe jog home copy kartne pakade jaate hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, Perplexity and DeepSeek.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, ChatGPT and DeepSeek, Perplexity and Claude for voice authenticity. DeepSeek, Perplexity, DeepSeek and Claude both got a 5.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude plus GPT have gotten some score, okay, okay. Claude's LGBT… Okay, coffee varieta.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Here you go.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Interesting.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fourth, rule following by Bhagartam.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Did it stay under 300 words and use simple English?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Which of these followed the rule? You have to stay under 300 words and use simple English. Why do stars twinkle at night? Because refractive index of air in the atmosphere fluctuates.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Answers say.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Great.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Though, how many of you… rule ko follow ki hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude, Niff, allocia, all have got the same score on this rubric, sure.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, deep seeks, LGBT.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, deep-seek, ChatGPT.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: both ChatGPT and Claude.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: ChatGPT, almost every. Deep sickne follow niya. Rulko rah China kebeit rule follow ni kartaya shrimayi.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Expect bhi madkaro.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, also deep-seek.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: All I followed, but mainly Claude and ChatGPT.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: deep sea… literally, teen wet ka banana. It's,
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, usefulness.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: usefulness hapsara kiski hai. Could you actually use this output in your school tomorrow? Ja output, kiska output of school mein use karlo aur pakade na jaw in mese hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Smart hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: deep seek, pryan Claude, abhuda hai, rule following clod, okay? Surgeonne, perplexity.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: humanize it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So I… I was doing application for… I was… when I was doing application for Stanford program, to… we will know when you use AI. We have tools to do that. And I believed them, because
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so I will humanize it. Aditya Claude, abhuda usefulness, we, Claude, Medhan's perplexity.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: She may…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, perplexity, law, deep seek, but some intentional research. Arna, perplexity for ideas and chat GPT for speech.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: their chat GPT. I don't… any of the ideas can be used in real life, actually. I tried Grok, it is amazing, 25, 4 and 25. It is totally like Elon Musk, let's say Elon Musk… Elon Musk… Elon Musk fan-spotted, right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Andrija, you and I have something… a few things in common, including…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: this, respect for the work of Elon Musk. Akshad Kumar, after humanizing, making intentional errors, Akshab. It is making intentional errors.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Claude for ideas and deep seeks for… for deep seek for his speech. So, ab muche batau.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'll tell you. So, I had gone. I had gone to some startup event.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And I was pitching my company there. No disrespect to anyone sitting there, but jo lo hakte vet na, kuch spans log the us panel mein, un mein se koi bhi founder nita. No one had ever dreamt of building a company.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh company build karna to tour ki bat hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: They were all working at top positions at different Kushlo government, wallet hai, kuch kisi corporate entity meh hai, or corporate entity ko innovation ni kiagabi, SA entity. Johotan wah basal rah, SA entities. So, they were there, or…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It has burned so much money. One of them said, Elon Musk bohot basa, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and then…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: These are the people who have wasted a lot of money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, they were talking around these things. Toh ye puri creativity mehi karab buhi.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, we'll look at the size current at AI equal.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, miram seh question tat thi ke. Jo ha so ha. I understand. Now, my question to them was.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kia ham us ko rook sake?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Can we stop what is happening?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Were we able to stop the Industrial Revolution?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: India chahata tanai Industry Revolution nahi nahi ho. Because humane craftsman nahin toh, bhero jaati ho jo ki hobi gay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You know, na? Fellows, I hope all of you are aware, India was a golden bird before industrial revolution, even when
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: These Britishers had just come. Mughalske, Jane K, Badhi, India was still a very, very rich country.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It commanded a substantial portion of world GDP. India kams over kab huh? Ek electricity ka invention, do sa industrial revolution, oduno interlink hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: With the invention of alternating current, that is electricity, came industrial evolution.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or wahan pehm kopapnehikar pa ya. USEB alehem sapse agate.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But because of industry revolution, we could not cope up with the West. Japke mara per capita GDP bohot kam hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Bohar Kamlets accepted.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, now my question is.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kiaham fe ruin ki AIRA hai aur look jobless ho jaing hai, ya, we… we make AIR our friend.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: All you young people, you make AI your friend, work with it, build companies, and let the West know that Hamare habi school ke baja companies build kaltein karte AI se. We are not afraid of anything, or anyone.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We are not afraid of anyone.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: fellows from school, studying in school are building companies in our country. And that is the vision of International FutureX Fellowship.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: To make all of you founders.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Make all of you founders. Yes, fe, 4th aap to 6th hogi, I know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Token, or dollar, or rupee kajo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, very, very important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Is…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: AI jo hai, ke saath build karna, aur ye samajana, ki har AI ek nahi hota hai saare models alag hain. Agar aapko creativity lei use karna toap, kisko use kar oge factual accuracy kelisko use karaoke voice, authenticity klei kisko use ko, rule following kayko use ko, okay? And these are only 5 parameters.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We will discover those models as we proceed in this fellowship. So, AI is actually what in-depth cheese hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: AI is not using ChatGPT like Google Search, or Mahabijo battery within a patch, hey, log.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: people who have lived, who are very close to retirement and lived their entire life in the same company.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: GPT is AI.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Like, ChatGPT is AI.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Now, fellows, aapko samaj mein array, AI is much deeper than that.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: AI is not ChatGPT.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: you got you got… A taste of the flavor, ki, kap kon sa mother use karna hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kab hum deep-seq use karnege, kab hum chat GPT use karin, kab hum cloud use karin, kablicity use karing, you got the hang of things. Ki charu alla galag hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very good. Very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So… so, now, aap wahan par ho, jo hazahan pehos saare of graduation jo kart choke henna, aur job kar hain dasda salge, se, unko bini bhata hai, right? Unko vini bat hai, aur method nos event mein. PSUs mein.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And you know it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So you have an upper hand over all those people.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How does that feel? Okay, now you know something that people who are four times, 5 times your age don't know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How does that feel?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: In one word.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fired up, nice, good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Smart.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Crazy, powerful, proud, Believable. Damn nice.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, baddie. Baddy, okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hmm.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: powerful, Great.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And you are all-powerful, believable, and you'll become more powerful as we proceed with this fellowship. Game changer, tough. Yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You feel like a techie queen. So good to hear. So good to know. And now I'll give you one more prompt. Just check this prompt. With,
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Again, these 4 models, plus Ike model, or Jordelow.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Eggman or Joblo? Quen. Quen. Q-W-E-N.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Q W-E-N.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Charm model is okay. ChatGPT?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, Claude, deep seek plus egg model quen. To quench, or egg question push Pancho seh. Saf egg question.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: In fact, don't question Bushlo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: A question, hey, is Arunachal Pradesh?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: part of India?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Which, it is bigger.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is. It is an integral part of India, and will remain so till the end of… yes, Quinn for Maliba, till the end of time.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But… part of India? Second question, Jab Pushoge?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: was… Tibet… illegally occupied by China.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Bast yeh questionna pooch hoge, toh questions ka answered.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kinseh, wo punch models
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: ChatGPT, Josh Arab use kart chuga, ChatGPT, DeepSeek, Gwen?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Perplexity, or Claude. Is Ramachar Pradesh part of India? Was Tibet illegally occupied by China?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You do all questions.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: auger.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay? Or iskele aapke ba's time hai, 5 minutes. It is 6.56.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is 6.56. I'm giving you 5 minutes to do this.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay? So, at 7, 1.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hum is cool.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Discuss cutting it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I hope this… this assignment is clean, is, is, is clear. Only two questions, yes, only. Why only two questions? Only two questions. I'm giving you only two questions. Ask these two questions from these five models.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Off-RAM discussing after 4 minutes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, my… my is… my, so, what I'm telling you is, ask these two questions from… from the five models.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: A question, is Arnachal Pradesh part of India? And second, was Tibbat illegally occupied by China?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I hope, Rebecca, it is clear.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Was the… the… but…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: illegally occupied by China? Is Armutra Pradesh part of India? Only these two questions from the five models that I have just told you about. And we'll discuss in 4 minutes, and after that, we'll proceed.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Higgin?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: me baat karing ye.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We'll discuss in 4 minutes. Up to 10 minute budget. We'll discuss in 3 minutes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, fellows!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: bring… bring on the answers. Batao Mujay?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Just let me know. So, someone is… has written, Ayaan has written, Quen, oops, there was an issue connecting to Quinn 3.6+. Content security warning, input text make, data make, content inappropriate content.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is showing that, at the Sujan, it is showing that this is inappropriate content and not asking, not answer. Deep Sikhi kya, deep sick niky answer diya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: DeepSeek nahy answer Yadia. Same with DeepSeek. Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Ache prayan, error 4.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Aya, and sorry, that's beyond my current scope, let's talk about something else.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: karte hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Deep-seek, outside current scope for both, actually, I don't know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, it is out of my reach, and question is beyond my scope.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: DeepSeek is saying, this is out of its current scope.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It said error, yes, it is beyond my scope.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Quen and Deep Sea cannot answer the following question.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sorry, that's beyond my current scope, Mania. Let's talk about something else.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Praya and Deepsikh says, any suggestion of illegal occupation is incorrect for Tibbat.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, so, fellows, fellows, Tell me…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Tell me, do you think, itne itna pasarag, ne bada AI scientist nine models ko banana, do you think, yeah, beyond their scope hai ki ye question k'ans answer them?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Was Tibet illegally occupied?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Do you think, even in your, in your farthest dreams, ki DeepSeek or john hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: UNKOS dataset pit train nahi kiahoga daki answer nade pai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: That's a Josectega.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Is it not… it is not possible. So, Coin is part of Alibaba Group, that's a multi-billion dollar enterprise.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Deep sickest name Milke manaya, jabo launch work, chat GP tiga crash karge aapura ga-pura downloads.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So why did this happen?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: question one is, say you answered the, why did this happen? Why is… why are DeepSeek and Quinn not giving you the answer?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Why are they hiding the answer?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because they are trained on biased data, yes? They are trained, but they are developed by China. Chinese censorship.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Quan says Tibbat has never been illegally occupied by China. Do you think it was… it is… it was not illegally occupied? Fellows!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: hum history parte hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Agarna Britain ja hog, to Britain mehna woh kabi bhi colonialism ke baar mein padhate ini hal.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: World War 2K timepay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: good light medicate.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: As a country. So, was Tibbat illegally occupied or not?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes or no?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Was it illegal you'll be bailed?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It was, right? So, now, how many importance is a parachaliya? Take importance. Ki, the model is as good as the data it is trained on.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: N! N!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sometimes, the country in which the model is hosted
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Also leads to variability in the answer.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: To agar model China ka hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh wo China ke kilaf koi bhi baat and nahi answer.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: badiya hotay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay. But, is Kalyvsneh answer in India?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: diphen How many of you knew this? Ki deep-seek ya quen Esar Ansar dega?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kitu padata inserti gamo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I peek it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So… karna hai, right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We are going deeper into when to use which model.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you. So, Abhi, I'm…
Shreya Sinha: There's a question, what was the intention behind the question?
Shreya Sinha: Behind these two questions.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay. The intention behind these two questions were… Understanding of an Ebola, Qui… Every model has some limitation.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Limitation can come from different things. One is that data on it is trained, Second.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: The country in which it is hosted.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Ultra. Also, it's an answer. Okay, okay, okay.
Shreya Sinha: Like.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Got it, got it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take a ticket.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Got it. TK, so I'm sharing my screen. I think it is already shared, no?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, is my… are my slides visible?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Just a moment.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Just to give me a moment, I'm just…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Is my screen shared now?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Team…
Shreya Sinha: Yes, we completed, yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, perfect.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so… Wills understands something beautiful about money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right. How many of you like money?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How many of you like money?
Shreya Sinha: I think the answer is very straightforward here.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You love it. Very much. You love money. Okay. Vandit also loves money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Likes money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Mania loves money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Adya loves it. Great. Who doesn't like money? Yes? Very good thing. Who doesn't like money? Second best thing in life. Okay, second best thing.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: motivating was 3K. So, now we'll… we love money, we'll now understand, Money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We love it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because they ko, business na? But… and money is always one of… one, if not the most, but one of the important things behind running a business. Because if you don't have money, you can't pay salaries.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You can't support your staff, you can't support yourself. Toh, money toh important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Todd sa mas tensco, begin.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, so, aap kapari page aake agar koi chai pity ho, toh dasuro bhaki aathi. Agar aap Starbucks me jaake coffee pit ho, char so ki aki hai. Okay?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Dono me caffeine.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Dono caffeine beijerah. Chai jo taperi bhi wo caffeine, jo coffee start hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Don't know my price cut difference, Q, my fellows?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Why is a Starbucks coffee priced at $400 and a chai… and a tea at, tapiri priced at $10?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: brand, decor, brand value, Difference in brand?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Popularity.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Oh, that's great, great, Andrija. Money is capital of a business. Brand value, ambience.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: cafe, peaceful environment, free Wi-Fi, place to work, brand value, okay? Starbucks is a reputed brand, and they have popular value. One is doing for a living, the other is brand. Starbucks provides luxury, westernization, the brand value.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: is aesthetics?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay. So, yes, to apne both close, answer DSRNE SAI answer ke. Toh, see, when you…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take a cup of chai tea at a tapiri, or… So sahata students hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Starbucks me char so mein coffee bite ho.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What kind of people sit around you?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kia unke income level mein kochantar hotaya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: If… Are the expectations of these people?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Different from a person who can only afford a 10 rupee chai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Are the expectations different?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, expectations difference, unko ambient chehi, unko ek badhiya jagi, unke achi community chai, Because they have earned money.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, Starbucks is not selling a coffee!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Be very clear about it. Starbucks does not sell coffee, it is selling experience. It is selling status.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is also selling a place to sit and work, but more importantly, it is selling an experience. But Starbucks?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kya sell kar hai wo selkara experience, aura passer experience kelay hai, wo s coffee ki bohotara value nahi hai, wo coffee aap banau ke harpay bana saki aap dasbandara beh bisur bakarke. Ka aya wahi tu there, vahi coffee hai, wahi chini hai. Par woh experience.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And people are paying for that experience.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, the price is not the product, the price is the value being delivered. So, Starbucks key value can experience have a value.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: tapari hai, uski value ke hai of chai ki, woh chaiiki wahi value cho dot chini aur saipati ke value hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Tono mentar samaj mein arah. Value.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Value and money made anthar samaj me aareh. So, value does not come from the product itself.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It comes from different things around the product.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I hope it is clear to you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, value. And… So… Now understand these things, very, very important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And if the value you're generating from the product is more than the price that you are quoting the customer, customer will be very happy.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Pechaake e klak rupeki bhi chai bechogena, lekin customer ko ka lag rah, ki wo e kalak rupei chai Pines se. Pushko jo value mill rah, kusha panch lak rupe kai, toh customer wo punch lak rupeh daga.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: lekin agar, aap dasurbay bhikiv chai mei hay, aur us customer gulagiak kiya value to door baiki iski, mein se das raha, toh customer dissatisfied rahiga. He will feel cheated, he or she will feel cheated.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, it is very important, kya, value kya, aap value ki sabsi price mang sakte ho.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: smartphone aata normal sah.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Bises are gauga Pandar Bisesarga?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: iPhone job iPhone 17 thy 18 thaw bhi nahya launch hua. Pro Max iPhone ka johnaya wala. 18, 17K au, it is 17, right? 17. And, and how much does it cost?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Approximate value batana, kitna a uske praise ya bh?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Around 1 lakh? 1 lakhi lakh salute, solo, 1 lakh?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: One leg?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Exactly, yoga, but it is around 1 lakh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Now, tell me, egg la ka phone hab apple. Ka.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: logan use mein log line apple ka phone karid ni kale, Apple Store ke bahar.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: People… store ke bahar.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Decap Neville.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: kar nigh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: In these metros, Malav, I know… Malav, many of my friends are Apple fans.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What doola instead of batani pate?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Now, tell me, apple kao ko customer jewo phone ko karita hai, la kudrophe mein, aur vot meh modelata firharita hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: harbah model renew karte hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: agar… if agarun ko lakhta ki jo apple value generate karta hai is less than the price, kya harbar naha model karite fellows.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kya wo neya model karite, agar unko lakhta ki apple jo value generate karta hai is less than the price that the apple is taking, that Apple is taking. Kya wo karite?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Nahina? Nahi kite.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But the fact that they are purchasing it, it means…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: wo uske price kahin zada hai. Av wo value kise hai, ka hai votin.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kya wo value o aura hai? Us aura ki value hai jo apple generate karta hai, kya wo value hackable nahi hai, iske kaaran woke lo karita hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: We don't know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Vahitu brand hota hai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Brand ehi wo ta hai, ki aap apne manke sa aapse kar pa hai customer se or customer. Isi ko brand karte hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Brand wahi woka.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Batap.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Porsche le.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: kosh?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: karod wali.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Status thing B, let's suppose our status thing be Medanj.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh kyastyu status thing hai wo brands in ER.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: or meho bhar long experience bhi jantal, I mean, I know, I know of people jo, both high-valued low hai, people who have 100 crore business.roid ko trust ni karte hain.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thursday, Apple Karite. I know of such people.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: me a thai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Sir, the thing is, if you bought the first iPhone launch, and since then you have been buying them, it'll practically be cheaper for you for first time, because you get a lot of exchange bonus. But we'll talk about it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But ha, ibe relevant, we'll talk about it. Okay? Let's suppose.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or… point A se point B, jhana.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: jayigi?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: or wo, ek mehi wa liposhe bhi jayigi. In fact, pause meinto aapko, aapko jo fuel ka khartya bohtar lagi ka mileage bod kamotih ski, buski. Subhu desire ke mileage jaada hoti hai. Firupi mujay batao aaphu jo aapne school jaate ho, apne skula pause me jauge, visabi aapko sube design jaani me aap kisme janak passenger ooge, pause mea sube designer meinh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Most of this anime Porscheme?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Batao, if you have this option, if you have this option.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Porsche, Porsche job bolder. Usman Janei?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thank you.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Actually, your school is 2 minutes away. Prahiti ko chalaga. Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, majority of us will, will, will prefer
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Porsche, Porsche, Tubina, you'll prefer that.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: because of different things, is more than what is being generated
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: wo boh side schools kahinsada hai. But apo fee pay karah, aapke parents fei kar pay kar hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Aapke parents k school mein nahi, aapko padhar hain, janki fi shah meini kit highazar hain, nahi padhar hain, no?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or aapka school wa fee charge debih rahin.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Derek Kushi Kushina?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: parents dearena.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kyung. Kyung ki kahina kein jo values generate karab ka school.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What's Zadahe?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Bigger?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Ha, value-generated garbage. That's why your parents are paying it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, always remember, if the value that the company is generating is more than the price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Customer will be satisfied. Like, in Kam Hotay, customer will feel cheated. A question.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yeah, Google Maps, WhatsApp, Instagram.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes sir, zero price product, koi praise tohotani.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: kamate.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh, se price to zero hai aapkili. A sa lakhta hai, aapke le price zero hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh, POK price zero head.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: hai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: top sub use karte sarisi zo ko, jo social media.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: WhatsApp, Google Maps. To nahi lira.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh aapko, asah hai, usmeh tolagan value, aapko ka bhi kuparn niche aapi use karaoke us, ko, ko, ki free hi na wo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Esao nihin, ki WhatsApp Bagar, let's supposed platform pe switchkar jaoge tarant. Esa nahi hoga na?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Job seller at least.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: A mera question yay hab.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yeah, question. You have to name one thing you use in Kailava. Google Maps, WhatsApp, Instagram, Kailava.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Name one thing that you use every day that is free.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Name one thing that you use on a daily basis that is free.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: YouTube… YouTube, WhatsApp, Zoom, which is Zoom, okay?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Google search Spotify, sir, till some extent.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay. Chrome, Spotify, Pinterest, Insta… Google Drive at chatika.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'm talking about any application, I'm talking about any application that you do, that you use every day that is free. Google Slides, Gemini, Snapchat, Pinterest, Google…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: ChatGPT, Notion, TK. These are free things.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: A mujabada is one thing which is free. Aur agar aap usko use ni. If one thing amongst these.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: That if you don't use aka.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: YouTube.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Google, AI, Instagram.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It's a YouTube, WhatsApp.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Google, YouTube, LLM, YouTube, WhatsApp, YouTube.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: AI, NDTV, YouTube, WhatsApp, etc.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Nope.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Teach him.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hmm.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Teacher.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Getting it. Toh, iska matlab wah ju thieze hai, wol aapke laif, value generate kari, value generate kari aapke laif mein.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or, would you value her? Vo…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: aapke le bohot importante, tabi y aap us, nahi mo use karte, aapke lah be boho change dich taya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: To fellows!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Now you understand what is value, what is price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You understand this? Type a yes if you understand. Difference between value and price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You understand this?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Difference between value and price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Welcome to… If you understand this, welcome to…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: finance class of a top business school. You get to learn these things when you go to a business school.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Value and price, right? And that tu agarap entrepreneurship collective lootyo hotab.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It stays without theo. It is it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So you're learning what people will learn after 10 years.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Or 7 years, or 8 years.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Aid?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Value and price are two different things.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay? Value is… value ga mat lab kya hot hai perception. Value ga matla hota mein agar customer huna. Agar mehi perception ha kia toh bodh mehengi cheeze.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh value ushisk is ada. Customer ka perception is value.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And price is actually what the customer is paying for it. Simple Cheese. Gold. Take a gold.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold ka use ka mu jabata. Gold ka reel like mein jewelry ke lava, kya ka use ho saktar hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: roti ka use na kana kana book meita na.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: What's the gold guy you scare?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Status name.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Thike wearing image jewelry bharke, electronics mehoda wad use hota eska, ti ke.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Currency is backed by gold. Yeah, sorry, currency total, gold is a backed meaningothi.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Electricity, agar aap electricity wire gold ka bana, hogy. Tapo bohot, but it is a very good conduct of electricity. But kahapne gold wire deka bata mujay, real life mein. Malap kisi Dubai ya, Saudi Arabia ke prince kehar mein hoga. Normally, kittney jagaphne pura kapuki puri wiring deki ha gold ki.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Semiconductor matwater use hot hai? Yeah, hi na.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yahina?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Like in gold, jaba karite te ho, real life mein?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: real life mein. But mehenga ke hai, batau mujay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold, corn manga. Gold, copper, iron, mein sapsara mehenga kaya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold. You pay highest amount for gold.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Why? Because as a customer, because of certain things.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because of certain things, because of how civilization has developed. Gold aapko lagarta hai ki bohot mehengi cheese hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: agar aapurikoni kasara seh hatah dona, gold mehak kya hai bahi. Gold khak aap kya ek mehineta… hai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold se building mana saktivab.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Golds here are important to iron hai. Copper hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But gold value subset of the…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, Q values are the hai. QA price, gold, we have to set a price, Q there, because Q values are there, or values are the Q hai. Q key, customer ke demand iski perception bohot badi hai. Perception.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Perception. Or perception cues are the hai, because gold is more rarer in earth's crust than iron. Gold kamilta hai. Gold earth may come hai, in comparison to iron.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Pandas India bhot kam me toka pandas India mahin value bhazada hose gi pandas ki.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, question hai, why is gold most expensive?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Why? Ella, why, okay, why is gold most, so expensive?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Askans… because… because customer feel it is expensive.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Take a mill of why customers feel it is expensive?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Why?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because of? Because they use it in jewelry.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: to adorn, adorn themselves. Why they use it in the jewelry?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: CUNY Bandai Lode Jewelry.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: because…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Gold is rarer, because it looks beautiful, or it is rarer. Beautiful bitu perception. Kya iron be beautiful ho sa yar, aise kya bata.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: lu?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yeah, perception ha beautiful. Beautiful is a perception, abstract noun ha, Englishman.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, because it is rarer. Aglai, why? It is beautiful. Why it looks beautiful? Because it is rarer, it looks beautiful.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because it is rarer. Why it is rarer? Because it is found at very, at a few places in Earth's crust. Why it is found at a few places? Because the conditions that create gold
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Are, again, rarer. Rarer.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Tom phi wise pohaj karte garte mahantak puh.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Samad river, 5 wise zi habe me use kiana?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: For what? Frey fellows, let me know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Getting to the… which cause?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Which cause? Which cause? Which cause? Root cause. Very good. Very, very good. Root cause. We're going to the root cause by asking 5 whys. Very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You're behaving like entrepreneurs, very good. This is how founders should behave.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Linking the concept that we learn in actual everyday life.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, gold, akshah. Diamond. Diamond and coal, both are… both are forms of carbon. Amorphic… both are forms of carbon, coal and diamond. Don't know carbon sebane?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Mujay Bataok, coal is more expensive, or diamond is more expensive?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Coal or diamond? Which is more expensive?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It is diamond.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Q expensive, heavy diamond. Donut garban se bana hai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Manalo Jewelry? Kolseki jewelry pan kehumo?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: If you, if you wear jewelry made up of coal.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How will people look at you?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Mad fool!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I can… Shapari, okay, by the way, I can insane.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: People will think of you? Phew, perception, henna. Actually, diamond is more lustrous and attractive.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So again, perception, our perception se ha, our value perception se ha, because we think diamond is more beautiful, more lustrous.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Rarer. We know it is rarer. Coe said rarer have a…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So that's why it is expensive. So, value is how the customers perceive something.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Price is what the customers pay. And if the value you are giving to the customer is more than the price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'll give you another example.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, the fellowship that you… all of you are doing, right? Similar programs are offered by business school abroad, similar programs for schools.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Add 5 lakh to 10 lakh rupees.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: at least 5 lakh to 10 lakh rupees. I know of a program that offers a similar… that offers this fellowship, something similar at 20 lakh rupees.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But we are giving it to you at a fraction of that price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It means the value that we are generating, it is actually valid at 20 lakh rupees, but what we are giving to you is a fraction of that price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Which actually means… Ki aap jo pay gare usesada iska vex ki value hai. And that is why.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: That is one of the reasons You are satisfied.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: The value is much more than what you're actually paying for it.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Stanford runs a similar program with schools. It runs a similar program for schools. Oxford runs a similar program.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, you can, just go, you can leave straight by, okay? Now you are understanding?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: 20, this difference between value and price. Fellows, how many of you? Toh customer ke liye kya sa important hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Equation can I have? What should be more than the price? What should be more than the price? Holy cow.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Value, yes, value should be more than the price.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It should be more than the price. Yes, value given to the customer is very, very important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: If it is more than the price, customer will be very happy.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: bat ni.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: By Claude, Claude ka subscription. I have taken $200 per month subscription for Claude.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: $236 per month. Bad manga aya, but jo value meinus nikar round us $236 per month ki subscription se. Wo side.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: $50,000 ka. If I'm paying $236 per month, value I'm generating is of $50,000. I'm very, very happy paying $2336. Param ChatGPT woke up.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, understood?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Understood this?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very good, very good. So, enge, concept.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yaha per revenue or profit. If the revenue is 5000 rupees, ik bhilpur, ushi passes a rupe kamay din mein.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Usme cho ingredients hai. Jo, usme murmura thaw, namakta, or masaleh te ha sab jodh gals kozar ka karchaata total.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh profit kit now, gross profit kit now get haizard rupees. Leikin, wo jo banda hai jo bhelpi stall cellada, hazard baikut beau deta hai, kudko bhi hazard baita hab dinka, apne karchali, toh uskosa mein skirt dia, toh net profit ketnage Pandara sa rupees.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: 1500 rupees. So, the stall is earning 5000 rupees, but out of that, only 1500 rupees is real money. Okay, yahi profit, net profit, yahi hai. Net profit is what you get after paying off your ingredients, car rent.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Employee salary, everything.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I hate… So, net profit is what you get after paying everything else, yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, Adrija, Claude Fan Club, okay? So, very important, understand, revenue ka hai, kitna pesa total RRI. Net profit ka, sub kuch dene ke baar kittna patch gya. Tohamesa dono ki bich ka antar aapko samajna bohot bohot, important hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Prophet bohot… important aapkahi.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And… Profit is to business was oxy- what is what oxygen is to life.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: The oxygen henna, life kelein, wahi profit ha business ke liye.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Amazon was not profitable for 12 years in a row.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: But ultimately, it became profitable. Agar koi business kaphi bhi profitable nahi ho bhati toho business ban kartina chahi. Ho business sealana hindi chi. Toh profit na bhat important hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, understand? Because you are expanding, you are hiring people, you are spending money on tech.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Goal hona chaye company go profitable gagna.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Zomato, in the first few years, it had… crores of revenue for years.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, revenue tells you that exist… that business exists, but profit tells you that it works.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay? So, revenue and profit mentors, how many of you now understand the difference between revenue and profit fellows? Type a yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Difference between revenue and profit, type of yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very good, very good, all of you, revenue and profit, very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Difference between revenue and profit.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Ed?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hmm.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Who is a customer?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Customer Conhute.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: who values your solution? Ap value karne ka mat club kya hot hai, kaybar kya hotay na? Aap na kisi ka bauski product legit jogo bot, if skill lia.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: mayipass.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: tarif kar hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? Toh kyabo customer hai?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Is that person a customer to tarif ka raham, kya banar dia, toh mein maja agaya, tumne jo banana agai akdam?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Par na password, na time thereah wo, na tension therea, na data therea hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Toh, customer kon hota hai. Customer is a person who pays cash for your product or service, or gives his time. social media content creator ho. Toh kyagarabo, at least aapka post-read karabna aapka video dekara.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Apko, attention dera, Instagram mein follow kar hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Apa newsletter dekaraya. Sign up karaya aapy newsletteroskele.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Abne email ID aapko provide karna, toh kushner kusto wo de rah, customer wahi hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: wok customer.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, customer is someone who either gives you money, or time, or attention, or data, depending on what business do you have. Let's suppose,
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: business, kyaban Hari Wab.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kush interesting batau kyaban logo.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Who's interesting, okay, banana chao.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kuch meh ya, random, kuch interesting doh bata, haplo koar interesting logo, I know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Water filter, achati, first answer water filter, I'm way banay, bandit kaan sare. Sujan time machine. So, water filter banar aap. Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: water filter banar, ab aapk expectation kaya, ki jo insan hai water filter meh kyatae aapko water filter ke bali pesa de time, ka expectation hai aapka.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: money, time, attention, or… or data. Wad ni ayga, aurap ke water filter ko dek jayga ros dohinta.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Media.ne.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Nay,
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: money, of course money. Tami to it in karke banay aapneh, na research kiya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, depending on business, our Kal Area customers have a different, different hotel.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kabi moneyhoga, kabi time, kabi attention. Social media creators ke lee, time and attention is very important. Koi water health, banana money bohot important.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So… Last Johannikal question, kiata tad, yo interview aapne logon sa aap karogaya kiya hai. Usme…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Problem ke bare me, TK.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: aapne unka problem samjah. Kalko aapko banau ing problem ko solve karne ke li. Toh se pale aapko ha jana bohos rui hai kya wo problem ko solve karnege badlay mein pasa time, attention ya data kus denge wo, aur kya wo aapke kaam ki chiise hai. Para ye sayise hum jenge, jaham, second month of this fellowship mein poachinge ito.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay? So, fellows, we have learned a lot today. Now tell me.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: How are you feeling right now?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: learning job, on a scale of 0 to 10.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Positivity may. How does that make you feel? Today's learnings?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, 10… 10 infinite, 100, 8.59 infinite, okay, 8.142, okay. 6710 developed Very good, very good.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Right? So, our homework to aapka wahi hai, johane aapko kal diatha, aj mein ko special homework nahinderang fellows.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Vahi homework hai, jo kal diyata, wo pore weak ka homework hai, aur aapka wo post kar diag hai aapke team post kar di ainamne homework ko.
Shreya Sinha: Yes, it has been posted.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Kush orbhi homework hakia, jomne post ka se lava.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Bing?
Shreya Sinha: which was answering the three questions.
Shreya Sinha: That was, I think, on the Dunzo case study.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Wadiata?
Shreya Sinha: in the comments. So, students, fellows, there are two homeworks, or, rather, assignments that has been given to you, that have been given to you. The first one is the,
Shreya Sinha: The prompt Wala part, which just, sir explained, wo aapko karna hai, that has been posted. And the second one was a case study, which was of Danzo, that we discussed yesterday, and it's Usme question number 345.
Shreya Sinha: You have to answer it in the comment. Tikkei? Answer it in the comment.
Shreya Sinha: Guys, you can interact with… so, something for everyone to know, if I… I don't know if you are aware about it. So, you can interact with the post of other fellows that you, see on the community. You can pose question if you want to, you know, know about something that the other fellows are working on, something. So, we appreciate any kind of
Shreya Sinha: cross-questioning until the time it is, you know, not demeaning in any way, okay? So you can definitely raise, because that is a very essential part of this learning journey, that you cross-question, you ask doubts, so that, as founders, you're able to interact
Shreya Sinha: with each other as well. Tikkei?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, very important, very important, because… so you learn from your fellow founders, fellow found… people who are fellows who want to… who also want to be founders. Because that's why I always go to these founders' networking events.
Shreya Sinha: Yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: or aapke pass bhi moka hai on this platform, you are actually networking with your fellow founders. You never know fellows. Aap mein ke sah junk network ki company banahu banadhenge, or aaphi banana company. Uste pehle banadiya. Ap aap uske pa a jauge help lenege humlog ek fellowship meinte, aapke 1000 kauru ki company hai, I also want to start something. Can you help me out?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: hire, we were part of the same fellowship. That person will help you out. This is how business schools, engineering schools can networking hot y hain. Jahapi, ehik janjo aage bajuka wo dusri ko bhi agay bharne me help karta hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So this fellowship…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: It will not leave you in 6 months. This will stay with you throughout your life. We as mentors will remain with you throughout your life.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: aapay sauce logo, aapai bhot ko sehenge. Dekinho company build karnehy, let's supposed abhinat, after class 10th, maisko build karna shudu karuna. After class 12 mein build karna shudunga, koi bhat ni. Aap reach out karoge hame. Aap reach out ko ye a apne.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Co-fellows ko, or wahan pew bhi help karing aur hammi help karing, and that is the way to grow.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Helping each other out, right? People at the bottom compete, people at the top, they collaborate. They cooperate. Always remember, these top people, they cooperate. Toh Zuckerberg BIA, Bill Gates BIA, uske Metiki Shadi mein. Sorry, Badhilogay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Because these people at the top, they know, kaliko mujiske, mali hai.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, we have to collaborate, cooperate. People at the bottom, they compete. People at the top collaborate and cooperate. Always, always. Yes, it's an African proverb also. Okay?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, is platform pay aap, questions poocho, ik dusnai ko answer do, question nahi pucho ik dus hai se haar aapne ye post kya, kasi aaph, how did you come to this conclusion?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Hum say question Pujo. Ham answer dengue.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So, make it very, very lively.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: And, oh yes, sir? Ha, ma'am?
Shreya Sinha: So, just two more points that I want to add. Definitely, would stress on what Shareza already said.
Shreya Sinha: Apart from that, there's a quiz that has been made live, okay? It has some MCQ questions, some subjective questions based on the classes that you had this week.
Shreya Sinha: So, make sure you attempt it, it is timed, and you cannot copy, you know, type your… sorry, you cannot copy-paste your answer from any of the LLM models.
Shreya Sinha: So guys, make sure that in this fellowship, you use LLM models for your research, and not actually doing your work. It's like…
Shreya Sinha: getting a PhD scholar on board, your team, and then asking that scholar to do data entry. We'll use it for something which is valuable. Let's not do the same thing that other students in your class might already be doing.
Shreya Sinha: Homework copy ni karna. Esa model create kar lange, ki hume homework copy karne gi zeroti ni padhi humara learning system itna zaber das banjay ka.
Shreya Sinha: Take care? So that is the focus, that should be. The quiz will be posted on, your, when you log in into the FutureX Fellow Tribe. Take care, futurexfellows.com walajo aapka website as fellow.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I mean, can you share the screen and show them once again?
Shreya Sinha: Okay, hold on.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: So please show them.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Where is it? TK? Push?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: I'm just…
Shreya Sinha: Let me just log in, maybe you can continue?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Tika. Tika.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, so you do these things, and collaborate, ask questions, right? And…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Fellows, now, any question? So, these are the final few minutes. So, I don't go. I missed a lot. Where will the recording be given? Mihari, recording will be given, don't worry. It will be given to you on WhatsApp.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Haha, Dija, you, you can…
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: leave, if you want. Now is the time to discuss, if you have any doubt or question, I'll answer that.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Those of you who want answers to your doubts, or want to hear the doubts of someone else.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: You can stay, others can go. Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: quiz aapko melega usifuturexfellows.com pe. Jahan pay aap sabka. I hope all of you have created your account, logged in, samneh, login karak hai. Poi asai is the login nahi karaya.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Anyone who has not logged in till now.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: by Adrija, okay, Sujan found it.
Shreya Sinha: Okay, let me just share my screen.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Please, please share and show.
Shreya Sinha: Is it visible?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: He is visible, it is visible.
Shreya Sinha: So, yaha pe aapko kafisa, theek hai? So, there's a tab called quizzes here, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Once you click on this tab, you will see…
Shreya Sinha: Session 3, which happened yesterday. Uska ye quiz live ho, when you click on this, I'm not going to click on it right now, because it is time. 6 questions.
Shreya Sinha: So, 6 questions are there, which is part of this. So, once you click on this, this arrow, the quiz will open up for you, and then you have to attempt it, okay?
Shreya Sinha: Does that make sense? I, are you now understanding how it will happen for you? Take care, great.
Shreya Sinha: Great.
Shreya Sinha: Huh. One more thing that I want to make, sure of. I hope all of you know that you already have, been assigned mentors who are constantly in touch with you, right? It could be Bhavna Ma'am, Pooja ma'am, Chavi ma'am, or Ria ma'am.
Shreya Sinha: you can definitely, talk to all of these mentors.
Shreya Sinha: And, you know, get those things cleared.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Vandit is not aware.
Shreya Sinha: Kisei, kise me a bandit?
Shreya Sinha: Aapke parents ito kise se touch mein.
Shreya Sinha: Nene, aya oga, aya oga. Junke sa…
Shreya Sinha: it could be, Pooja ma'am, Bhavna, ma'am.
Shreya Sinha: Chavi Ma'am, or ya ma, jobhi, just sebi aap communicate karo no, future Xeh, just talk, drop in a message, and, ha.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Please check with your parents, takea. Don't worry.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Haha, you can take some time in taking the quiz. You have the entire week for this. Entire week, Medansh, to take the quiz.
Shreya Sinha: Yes.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, okay. So, thank you so much, and we'll meet again.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Aditya is saying you don't have a mentor yet. Tika, please… team, please note it down, and we can reach out to them.
Shreya Sinha: future ex-may touch mein ho, unse ekbar question race karna, they'll let you know.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Megan.
Shreya Sinha: How many fellow school mentors assigned?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, and Mihari's saying, you missed a lot, where will the recording be available? It will be given, kapta detem, ma'am?
Shreya Sinha: It will be given tomorrow morning.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Tomorrow, tomorrow you'll be given.
Shreya Sinha: time luck, the Zoom.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Through a time like that process, and by tomorrow, you'll be given.
Shreya Sinha: So…
Shreya Sinha: A recording of session 1, 2, and 3 is already live. It has been shared with those of you who needed it, who requested for it. Kisi or ko bhichah here toh, you can let us know.
Shreya Sinha: to whomever you are in already touch with from the team. Session 4 ka recording ako Kal miljay ka. Something that I want to make sure that you are aware, 8 week takka recording aapke pass available hookah. So, hamne is sane orientation islei aplo ke sah share kar hai, because since it's the first two weeks, tohoda hamne usko, you know, easy rakah hai. But starting next week.
Shreya Sinha: only one week, recording was available hookah. So, next week, agarap would say, session 1 or 2 ka recording mango gehto, it will not be available.
Shreya Sinha: Take care? So make sure your regular
Shreya Sinha: regularly watching the classes that are shared with, you know, that are happening. In terms of presentation, if you require it, we'll post all the presentation for you in the community, so that you can, you know, go through it from there. Does that make sense for everyone?
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Arnam is saying his post is yet to be approved. Anything to be done from your side, my side, he's saying.
Shreya Sinha: Arna, we'll review it and approve it, don't worry.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Yes, Adia, you can leave.
Shreya Sinha: If there is something… if there is something that needs to be done from your side, a feedback will be given to you.
Shreya Sinha: Take care!
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Okay, Shalom?
Shreya Sinha: Okay.
SHARAD RAJ UTSAV: Happy Sunday. Enjoy, take rest, we'll meet again on Saturday. Good night, fellows. Good night, founders.
Shreya Sinha: Bye-bye.